Fix link to documentation in README (#40)
nats-io/stan.py: README.md

# NATS Streaming Python3/Asyncio Client

> An asyncio based Python3 client for the [NATS Streaming messaging system](https://docs.nats.io/nats-streaming-concepts/intro) platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An asyncio based Python3 client for the [NATS Streaming messaging system](https://docs.nats.io/legacy/stan/intro) platform.
```
